_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: about me

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic2.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <i>Niagara Falls, Canada</i>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---
Hey! I am a final year undergraduate at the Electrical Engineering Department of Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay. I am pursuing a Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.) in [Electrical Engineering](https://www.ee.iitb.ac.in/web/index.php), with a dual minor in [C-MInDS](https://www.minds.iitb.ac.in/) and [SysCon](https://www.sc.iitb.ac.in/).

My research interests lies in the use of learning-based control for dynamical systems. I am inclined for the incorporation of ideas from geometry for the design of controllers and estimators which are safe, scalable and efficient.

I enjoy playing the guitar and singing, and I occasionally share my videos on [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8ZHIwbr0UDpE_8VIRruQgQ).


<a href="https://info.flagcounter.com/eGTb"><img src="https://s11.flagcounter.com/count2/eGTb/bg_FFFFFF/txt_000000/border_CCCCCC/columns_2/maxflags_10/viewers_0/labels_0/pageviews_0/flags_0/percent_0/" alt="Flag Counter" border="0"></a>

Commit message:

trial with making "nav" false

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: about me

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic2.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <i>Niagara Falls, Canada</i>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---
Hey! I am a final year undergraduate at the Electrical Engineering Department of Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay. I am pursuing a Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.) in [Electrical Engineering](https://www.ee.iitb.ac.in/web/index.php), with a dual minor in [C-MInDS](https://www.minds.iitb.ac.in/) and [SysCon](https://www.sc.iitb.ac.in/).

My research interests lies in the use of learning-based control for dynamical systems. I am inclined for the incorporation of ideas from geometry for the design of controllers and estimators which are safe, scalable and efficient.

I have been fortunate enough to collaborate with [Prof. Ravi Banavar](https://sites.google.com/view/ravibanavar/home) on the control of nonholonomic agents using ideas from geometry, with [Prof. Florian Shkurti](https://www.cs.toronto.edu/~florian/) on formulating safety guarantees for imitation learning, and with [Prof. Dwaipayan Mukherjee](https://www.ee.iitb.ac.in/web/people/dwaipayan-mukherjee/) on formation control for collision avoidance based on bearing measurements.

Besides my academic pursuits, I find pleasure in playing the guitar and singing. From time to time, I share my musical videos on [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8ZHIwbr0UDpE_8VIRruQgQ).


<a href="https://info.flagcounter.com/eGTb"><img src="https://s11.flagcounter.com/count2/eGTb/bg_FFFFFF/txt_000000/border_CCCCCC/columns_2/maxflags_10/viewers_0/labels_0/pageviews_0/flags_0/percent_0/" alt="Flag Counter" border="0"></a>
